what's up a one is my aunt is Hulk Hogan
vs King Kong Bundy was mean you to
escape decay
each by body slamming hell problem
especially attempt a kink embodied in
the closing moments of the match Bundy
man in doing and the Dhamma walkers help
in issue that you know Warren assault on
Hogan did you do over that wall general
manager wants me is the first man to
exit the cage either
a bar only this hina me always 14 that
has only really good suits just
surprises no Jimmy harm I know he was a
great manager in those times but
obviously he wasn't really an amazing it
many of them matches as you got the dish
Bulldogs and stuff like that in there
wasn't gonna make any payments were aa
55 its Big E Langston is dead five NXT
no biggie did it people don't get my
references sometime it's okay little boy
live with it here comes hoping we don't
care about hooking my gosh the Hogan's
got a lot of the tires in this game it
is with the heavyweight championship I
was minted to cuz he held it this is
over a year now he's all about for this
point
some bong bong bong baba baba Baba bong
bong-bong-bong bong chol those that this
shirt is on a bit too tight the play is
to answer the wet t-shirt contest Oh God
in the blue bar steel cage which I
always think of classes steel cage it's
like a ladder match I said it's a ladder
everywhere I just like the cage matches
sometimes you don't you can't escape the
ring just there so you up owning can't
escape for the WWE city swimming to mr.
yet what the f met where's the f there's
popular damn pandas saw the title they
will drop the cage now this was a
Wrestlemania to where they had three
different venues at the same time it's
never been darling it's done with the
dump sins really a weird wait so they
had about two or three matches on each
venue and then captured it all the cage
is somehow set up climb the cage pull
off the cage ya did ya miss it but pussy
again to slam it Oh God ok then what I
didn't want to slam it
yeah go get the timing exam you can get
a little sort of little Twiggy animation
when they're about to do the grapple
move on you but that's the only chance
you're gonna get ya punch him in the gut
pokin yeah oh my god it just buzzed the
hip toss the bill yo oh no oh god how
good face first into the wall there he's
there is nothing like that no no no no
you guys landed
and for the Hogan elbow Hogan elbow
whole get an L about you oh ok you moved
that's not right but there what puke and
then you slam you bom-bom-bom bom-bom oh
oh yeah in the cage wall now but we're
gonna end this is we're going to end
this already Oh No Kamath DDJ it's the
duty to do do do t 2 i'm glad you get a
bit longer for 62 off stop it i want a
big boot you that's moderate oh it might
just have to do it quick now then the
finisher but that's not what I want all
that's odd I'll do that i'll do that how
good they'll drop yeah yeah hey oh boo
shaka-laka-laka boom get i have a go
to fair it should be the Hubble my job
is the way to do it yeah I'm gonna have
to stop probably still do the Hogan leg
drop but i don't get--why the stone
called objectives oops loud before would
have been to try and do the combo not
the thing I don't think he did big boot
I think we'll skip slam to leg I mean
big boo don't live drop how can go bad
by air we got one as to ask me do me do
me do we fly he got him he got him he
splashed his lights out Oh Google's
superflat supa supa supa fly Superfly
super fly high no Bundy no bundy by Mike
by my mother alright alright then we'll
see your crotch back he was about yeah
but is that what weapon I grabbed him
goosing will blue I'm Baz is that you
could trap them in the as they were
coming down are you going him henan why
would you enter the cage way up on this
help
you've got gold henan go on away that
look you're hurting an innocent man here
hoping that that's that's a lawsuit
waiting to happen that he never hit you
once never hurt you want and yet you're
hurting him just that's a stressful you
know how goes maybe American hero just
hurts people who didn't provoke him in
any way shape or form disgraceful you
can totally like Hogan probably like we
know the truth a man will man can oh
yeah fairfax have ever met oh yeah I'm
our numbers grow yeah but for what's
right fair for your laughs my our phones
are pulling them now from going whatever
you do do do do do do to 1986 we are
flew with WrestleMania to live like